HOWTO download firmware to the FittingLINK dongle
-------------------------------------------------

The wireless programmer dongle can be firmware upgraded via a tool shipped together with the release.

There are 2 procedures, one for a dongle which is fresh from Sennheiser production and another one for a
dongle which has already been upgraded with FittingLINK firmware.

To determine which procedure to follow, make sure the dongle is inserted into a USB port and open
Windows 'Devices and Printers'. Look in the 'unspecified' section and check if there is a device named
'Sennheiser BTD 800 USB' or 'Sennheiser BTD 800 USB for Lync'. If there is, you have a 'fresh' device.
In this case, follow the instructions in the section 'Upgrading a fresh BTD 800 USB device' below.
Otherwise you have a dongle with FittingLINK FW, and you should follow the instructions in the section
'Upgrading an existing FittingLINK' immediately hereafter.


Upgrading an existing FittingLINK
---------------------------------

To upgrade a dongle which already has FittingLINK dongle FW, issue the following command in a command prompt:

DongleUpgrade

The tool will proceed and download the current release FW to the dongle.

If you receive the message 'Check that the DFU driver is installed.',
it means that a required driver is not installed. The upgrade script will detect this situation and
automatically proceed to installing the required driver.
When prompted if you will allow the program to make changes to your computer, click 'yes'.
When you are warned that Windows can't verify the publisher of this driver software, click 'Install this driver software anyway'.
This is a consequence of the driver not being signed.

If you get an error message that says: "The application was unable to start correctly (0xc0150002). Click OK to close the application." and
there is an error in the event log in windows under application with a time stamp that matches the time you tried to start the DongleUpgrade.cmd file with
the following type of message contents: "Activation context generation failed for "<Leyline Release Package Directory>\Production\Dongle\DFUEngine.dll". Dependent Assembly Microsoft.VC80.CRT,processorArchitecture="x86",publicKeyToken="1fc8b3b9a1e18e3b",type="win32",version="8.0.50727.6195" could not be found. Please use sxstrace.exe for detailed diagnosis" then
install the Microsoft Visual C++ 2005 Service Pack 1 Redistributable Package MFC Security Update. You can find it in the Production folder in the Leyline Release Package.

Production\vcredist_x86.EXE (Downloaded from: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=26347)

and then try running the DongleUpgrade.cmd file again.

After driver installation, the script will automatically retry the dongle FW upgrade. It should now proceed without errors.




Upgrading a fresh BTD 800 USB device
------------------------------------

To upgrade a dongle which is fresh from Sennheiser production, issue the following command in a command prompt:

DongleInitialize

The tool will proceed and download the current release FW to the dongle.

If you receive the message 'Check that the DFU driver is installed.',
it means that a required driver is not installed. The upgrade script will detect this situation and
automatically proceed to installing the required driver.
When prompted if you will allow the program to make changes to your computer, click 'yes'.
When you are warned that Windows can't verify the publisher of this driver software, click 'Install this driver software anyway'.
This is a consequence of the driver not being signed.
NOTE: Windows will also try to locate a driver by itself. This will happen in parallel with the driver installation performed 
by the FW upgrade script.
However, the driver is not available from Windows Update, so Windows will fail locating it. And thereafter, Windows will display an error
message indicating that the driver could not be found. You can ignore this message as long as another dialog pops up and indicates that a driver
from 'Cambridge Silicon Radio' has been successfully installed.

After driver installation, the script will automatically retry the dongle FW upgrade. It should now proceed without errors.
